samples: cellular: MMSS: Support Wi-Fi (#11863)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

>   * Cleaned up and simplified connection logic.
>   * Switched from using the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library directly to using Zephyr's ``conn_mgr`` and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_CONNECTIVITY` Kconfig option.
>   * Removed the Kconfig options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_INIT_RETRY_TIMEOUT_SECONDS` and :kconfig:option:`CLOUD_CONNECTION_REESTABLISH_DELAY_SECONDS` as they are no longer needed.
>   * Add overlay allowing the sample to be used with Wi-Fi instead of LTE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added:

    * Documentation for using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` libraries.
    * An overlay that allows the sample to be used with Wi-Fi instead of LTE.

  * Updated:

    * The :file:`overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf` file to enable JSON logs by default.
    * The encoding and decoding of nRF Cloud data to use the :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_obj` structure and associated functions.
  * The connection logic by cleaning and simplifying it.
  * From using the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library directly to using Zephyr's ``conn_mgr`` and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_CONNECTIVITY` Kconfig option.

  * Removed the Kconfig options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_INIT_RETRY_TIMEOUT_SECONDS` and :kconfig:option:`CLOUD_CONNECTION_REESTABLISH_DELAY_SECONDS` as they are no longer needed.
```
This covers Lines 292 - 298. The formatting had diverged from what our changelog should be using.

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_multi_service` sample:

  * Renamed Cellular: nRF Cloud MQTT multi-service to Cellular: nRF Cloud multi-service.
  * Added:

    * Documentation for using the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_alert` and :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` libraries.
    * An overlay that allows the sample to be used with Wi-Fi instead of LTE.

  * Updated:

    * The :file:`overlay_nrfcloud_logging.conf` file to enable JSON logs by default.
    * The encoding and decoding of nRF Cloud data to use the :c:struct:`nrf_cloud_obj` structure and associated functions.
    * The connection logic by cleaning and simplifying it.
    * From using the :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library directly to using Zephyr's ``conn_mgr`` and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_CONNECTIVITY` Kconfig option.

  * Removed the Kconfig options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LTE_INIT_RETRY_TIMEOUT_SECONDS` and :kconfig:option:`CLOUD_CONNECTION_REESTABLISH_DELAY_SECONDS` as they are no longer needed.

>   * Added the :file:`overlay_coap.conf` file to enable the use of CoAP instead of MQTT to connect with nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: Since we're going on top, this needs to move to the Added section edited like this:
```suggestion
    * The :file:`overlay_coap.conf` file to enable the use of CoAP instead of MQTT to connect with nRF Cloud.
```
